## THIS PART IS DEDICATED TO DEPLOY OWN WEBSITE - METHODS AND CODES IN PRACTICAL USAGE (API CREATION)- Basics

#### The most popular REST methods

01. GET
02. POST
03. PUT
04. DELETE

#### Status Codes - mainly spotted

* 100 - 1xx - Information statuses
* 200 - 2xx - Correct operation statuses
* 300 - 3xx - Redirection Messages
* 400 - 4xx - Client Servers Errors
* 500 - 5xx - Servers Errors

#### How to deploy application for test - basics only

01. Go to URL: ***https://github.com/jaktestowac/rest-api-demo***
02. find and click "Remix on Glitch" --> Deploy to Glich Part of Git Repository in .md file --> it starts git project deploy of appocation on Glitch
03. After application is built find and press **Preview** form the bottom tab and from expanded menu choose ***Preview in a new window*** what opens our application in a new window (Unique address for the application: ***https://olive-nasal-game.glitch.me/***)

#### What the GLITCH Service is exactly??

Glitch is a system which stores applications - anonymous only for 5 days and removes it  - not used applications are in mode sleep so we need to wake them up using our URL.

### !!! Important - the Editor URL is: *https://glitch.com/edit/#!/olive-nasal-game*

As we can see the App editor address includes our application address only the server name *glitch.com/edit/#!/*<name of our app> is needed for using it

#### Steps

After our app is builded - we need to create Account - to do it execute the following steps:
01. Click in upper right corner *Create Account* button.
02. On the next page press *Create an account* button.
03. Choose option *Email Magic Link*
04. Give your email address
05. Check *I'm not a robot* checkbox
06. Press *Send a Code* button
07. Check your email for receiving the link (**!!! may be in Spam folder**)
08. In the received email press *Log in to Glitch* button or Copy + paste the given code
09. Change your password in ***Profile --> Account Settings***
10. Play around with the application.

###### Additional info:

To go to the DB of application paste URL: *https://olive-nasal-game.glitch.me/api/restoreDB* <-- Restores default state of application

### CRUD Requests - in General

01. POST
02. PUT
03. PATCH ??
04. DELETE
